To Apogee source code developers;

The following notes provide information about using the current source
code distribution to produce the currently available function libraries
and test programs. This information may not apply if you are using the
source code with a development environment other than MSVC 1.52 or 5.0
or MSVS 6.0 or for cross-platform development.

Apogee developers may not distribute any development files except the
DLL(s) and NTIO.EXE without the explicit written permission of Apogee
Instruments, Inc and GKR Computer Consulting.

December 31, 1999
-----------------
Documentation to the config_camera routine now includes more explicit
information on defining exposure times. All application developers
should reread the documentation and make sure that their applications
convert exposure times to/from internal timer values correctly. All
applications must use the CAMDATA tscale element to correctly define
exposure times for Apogee camera systems.

December 1, 1999
----------------
Support for the new parallel port interface cameras was integrated
seamlessly into the DLLs. Applications compiled with version 4.0 of the
SDK should work without modification with the new DLLs. Four new routines
were added to support control of the DLL process priority during camera
downloads. You must define the compile time constant WINUTIL before
including the Apogee specific header file APCCD.H and recompile your
application to make use of these new routines. All DLLs now contain
explicit version information that can be used by developers as well as
users to identify which camera interface and run-time environment is
supported by the active DLLs.

To compile the source code for use with PPI cameras, the compile time
constant _APG_PPI must be defined.

September 30, 1998
------------------
Internal modifications were made to support older interface boards.
To be safe, developers should recompile their applications to ensure
binary compatibility. No source code changes should be necessary.

April 17, 1998
--------------
The [Geometry] section has been rewritten to support efficient camera
binning during exposure operations and while flushing. The old hbin and
vbin entries are ignored. Optional vflush and hflush entries define the
binning to be used during vertical and horizontal flush operation.
Optional skipr and skipc entries define the number of vertical columns
and horizontal rows that must be discarded before image data is read.
Apogee Instruments is responsible for providing complete and correct
INI files for each camera system.

December 8, 1997
----------------
It has been noted that old INI files are not completely compatible with
the current versions of the DLL. The DLL is correctly documented in the
SDK documentation, but developers should be aware of the following
changes;

The [camreg]gain setting determines the default value of the camera
gain on dual gain systems. This setting has no effect on the camera
registers if the [system]gain value is not ON/TRUE. Applications can
access this value by retrieving the CAMDATA structure directly after
the open_camera call and testing bit 3 of the camreg structure element
(i.e. cdLocal.camreg & 0x08).

The [system]gain setting is not present in old INI files and determines
whether the camera is a dual gain system or not. The default is OFF or
FALSE. To allow application software to modify the gain, this setting
must be ON or TRUE. Application programs can access this value by
retrieving the CAMDATA structure directly after the open_camera call
and testing the cdLocal.gain value.

WIN16

1. Load the $(SRC)\Win16\APOGEE.MAK project file to build APOGEE.DLL

2. Load the $(SRC)\Win16\APITEST.MAK project file to build APITEST.EXE

3. Copy your camera initialization file into the development directory
   before attempting to execute APITEST.EXE

WIN32

1. Load the $(SRC)\Win32\APOGEE32.DSW workspace to build APOGEE32.DLL
   and APITEST.EXE

2. Copy your camera initialization file into the development directory
   before attempting to execute APITEST from within the development
   environment. If you run it from a CMD box, copy the INI file into
   the Debug subdirectory.

3. Uncomment the line containing #define WINNT in apccd.h to recompile
   APOGEE32.DLL for NT systems.

4. Copy the APOGEE32.DLL file into the APITEST executable directory
   before you start it.

5. Win32 applications based on the NT version of APOGEE32.DLL will not
   run without a separate NT system driver. Run the NTIO.EXE program to
   install the driver. NTIO.EXE must be distributed to any customers
   that will run the software under Windows NT.

Greg Remington
GKR Computer Consulting
Tel:    (303) 543-0774
Email:  apogee_support@gkrcc.com
www:    http://www.gkrcc.com
